Docs: Document wal_sender_archiving_status_interval GUC (#17416)
greenplum-db/gpdb: gpdb-doc/markdown/ref_guide/config_params/guc-list.html.md

|-----------|-------|-------------------|
|integer 0- INT\_MAX/1000|10 sec|master, system, reload, superuser|

## <a id="wal_sender_archiving_status_interval"></a>wal\_sender\_archiving\_status\_interval

> When Greenplum Database segment mirroring and archiving is enabled, specifies the interval in milliseconds at which the walsender process on the primary segment sends archival status message to the walreceiver process on its mirror segment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Greenplum Database segment mirroring and archiving is enabled, specifies the interval in milliseconds at which the `walsender` process on the primary segment sends archival status messages to the `walreceiver` process of its corresponding mirror segment.
```

A value of 0 deactivates this feature.

|Value Range|Default|Set Classifications|
|-----------|-------|-------------------|

> |0 - `INT_MAX`|10000 ms \(10 sec\)|master, system, reload|

Reviewer 2: Do we need to set "superuser" for this guc ? @jimmyyih

Reviewer: It's not a session or superuser-hidden GUC so no.

> |0 - `INT_MAX`|10000 ms \(10 sec\)|master, system, reload|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|0 - `INT_MAX`|10000 ms \(10 seconds\)|local, system, reload|
```
